stone
this way please
now remember be on your best behavior
you're about to meet the king of
your majesty these are the brave
travelers that I told you about the ones
who took care of all the trouble no way
I'm meeting a real cave
I've heard all about your impressive
accomplishments and I would like to
thank you for restoring normalcy to our
land
you've brought a sense of safety to our
citizens on behalf of my people I extend
my gratitude to you you deserve a reward
simply ask for what you wanted I will
grant it very well thank you so much for
majesty this is my request the book of
the beginning can be found in your royal
library I believe that's correct
hmm the book of the beginning the
world's oldest book she traveled all
this way for that but I don't understand
why she wants it
yes the book is here request granted
Conrad see to it yes I'll take care of
it anything else there what do you gotta
do to get a sandwich oh my turn I want
to explore this awesome castle of yours
okay I just want to get cleaned up your
majesty you kids sure have a lot of
energy any other requests your majesty
hmm if there's anything else you require
during your stay don't hesitate to ask
Conrad will see to it that all your
needs are met I want to ask your opinion
on something tell me what are your
thoughts on grand kingdoms activities
lately in all of their recent attacks
attacks that mostly target this very
area mm-hmm and the rumors of ghosts in
your land do they have to do with Grand
Kingdom as well what are you saying that
we're all just sitting back watching
grand Kingdom attack well don't worry
about that grand Kingdom won't get away
with it so you say but despite your
words to brawl seems to relaxed by the
peace its enjoyed grand kingdoms
maneuvers are clearly acts of war and if
you don't take them seriously and
respond in kind
Gibraltar for that Zola you're going too
far the Kings ambassadors aren't sitting
idle they protested grand kingdoms axis
unfortunately the time for diplomacy and
empty gestures is long gone besides Lord
mini has made it clear from the
beginning that he has little use for
negotiation but yes but the situation
will soon change drastically that is all
I can say for now you'll have to forgive
me
and now camera please see to our guests
sire
not you Legolas you stay here we would
like to hear your report of course
follow me please I'll show you the way
the other kingdoms leaders I'll sign
this petition
it proves their strong determination
they all want to stop grand Kingdom sire
what I'm just amazed your majesty
reached out his hand and the others took
it we're allied against Grand Kingdom
and sire it's all thanks to you hmm what
is all this it's like they're standing
at attention to honor us hey wait
everybody should do that take a break
from your delusions of grandeur for a
second they aren't saluting you at all
then who are they saluting smart guy
seriously you haven't figured it out yet
no but I'm sure you'll tell me how many
times do I have to say it before it
sinks in you are so slow you country
bumpkin just get to the point already
would you I actually want to know too so
could you clue us both in Gino yeah all
right that's the guy they're saluting
right up there huh huh
what guy where he means Conrad you do
mean Conrad right
Conrad ell Lawrence the gibralta most
feared and respected knight master I
thought that the entire world knew about
him but I guess his fame hasn't reached
your village shoo or more likely you
didn't know enough to pay attention to
it a knight master like a knight Master
Knight Master is there any other kind
awesome a night master just like I want
to be this is the daily report from the
7th division fleet we are advancing from
point 203 to 206 scout squad 3 reporting
in we've deployed reconnaissance the
enemy still has to move from their
position
what's the word while stations have
reported everything's fine the plan will
begin as scheduled sir
excellent then it's all up to you now
drag off the winds of change are blowing
lieutenant Dredd not sir sir please
don't do this if something happens to
you the plan will fail you coward in
life fortune rewards those who take bold
risks now drop this nonsense and prepare
for batter
don't you feel that breeze blowing I
can't stop myself with the winds of
history story now send this order to the
fleet prepare for battle yes yes sir
today with my own hands I'm gonna put an
end to this jibril condemned this day
their castle will stand no more Oh
get it she doesn't notice anything but
the night master not even his food
now I'd say you still see you look just
fine the night master that's so cool I'm
sorry retrieving the book at the
beginning is going to take a little
longer than I thought we have to be very
careful with such a valuable manuscript
I'm sure that you understand yes it's no
problem at all I'm just grateful to have
this rare opportunity I'm looking
forward to seeing the oldest book in the
world thank you
start talking tell us who you are and
who you work for or better yet just
admit the truth that you're a grand
Kingdom soldier look I don't know what
we're talking about is a serious crime
start cooperating with